fix: fix foundry-js typos on docs (#72)
CrowdStrike/foundry-js: README.md

# @crowdstrike/foundry-js

> `foundry-js` javascript library provides convenient access to the CrowdStrike's Foundry API to author UI pages and extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `foundry-js` JavaScript library provides convenient access to CrowdStrike's Foundry API for authoring UI pages and extensions.
```
